# Vehicle-identification-using-coordination-of-CCTV-cameras
The main objective of this project is Identification of vehicle, find a speed of the vehicle and which route does the vehicle will use. In every vehicle GPS system is not available so without GPS how we can identify the vehicle and one device covers specific area of region. That’s the reason coordination of CCTV camera comes into the picture. CCTV cameras work like a sensor in which one device can share all the information to the all other devices in the network. I made this project mainly for Nirma University. So I have made a database for all routes of Nirma University. Map for Nirma University has been created using OpenStreetMap. OpenStreetMap gives XML file which integrated with SUMO simulation. With the help of SUMO simulation theoretically, it has been tried out to find the vehicle whereabouts and one can identify the vehicle with all information like the vehicle is at which location at which time. Mask RCNN used for practical implementation. Mask RCNN technique used for vehicle detection and classification. Video logs off of CCTV camera are used as an input for practical implementation. In that, the same vehicle appears at different angles in different cameras. Speed detection has been done using ROI, simple motion detection and background subtraction. So both theoretical and practical results show the identification of the vehicle in which one can identify the vehicle with the information like the vehicle is at which location at which time.
